Great, covered by the lobster princess
Lin Tze should be fine
Princess
Are you mistaken?
This kid is a waste of soft rice
Why do you like him?
That's right, on identity
He doesn't even deserve your toenails
Open your mouth
Dare to speak rudely to the true son of this princess again
I will have your tongues cut out
below princess
Does the head of state agree with your decision?
I don't need his consent.
The princess' sweetheart is a hero
One day he will step on colorful auspicious clouds to see me
And Linbian is the one who is sorry for the princess
I'm not in the mood to think about that right now
Wang Chongyang, this princess assures you
No one will hurt you.
Hurry up and let people go and let your people back to me
Princess
It's not that I don't believe you.
Just...
This kid is a bit awesome
I'm worried.
He'll shoot me as soon as I let him go
I can't rest assured unless you stand in front of me
Princess, don't go there
You let me go
Wang Chongyang, you are so brave
Wang Chongyang, you are crazy
Under the oath of the princess, it is equivalent to the death penalty
So far
I had to have a showdown.
Start today.
Leave the royal family surname Wang